friends of adam installed the developer preview of windows 8 some fairy
day ago by microsoft or on a tablet all the production of Collepardo photos
that 500d acer
midi file compressor then platform x8 six
but we immediately see how the new peace features of this version are
new windows ante star screen also welcome us at computer startup
to unlock it as sui and smarzfon
halen audio sound
I scroll to the other and the classic login screen disappears
play without our user this is the interface that all users
will see on windows 8
has been started but also on desktop
through two slots and in fact pat
legacy from 1 sponsee bennet the metro interface
so this is a tile
and yet if we combine the desktop or traditional version then we have a helmet
control panel and we can launch all applications and
what clothes to say about windows in this normal desktop environment
the user, however, will find himself starting with this one
interface then a
a
a sort of problem for those who still use a mouse and keyboard
problem that is paradoxically for out of most utd when we open a
application from the interface meter to 1 people however that is not optimized for
this scapriot application interface is full screen
if you had in the text version
take a look at those on some of the features of this new one
microsoft operating system. we find cosenza interet explorer 10
equalization I find
full screen optimized for packshot
we see that the pincetto dunbar is also very fluid
active formentere
the only note the buffa if we want also missing flash art
flash is a better flash and and all others on page 3 this version 3
integrated back does not support any kind of me but rests
exclusively html5
and other scripting technologies is integrated into the browser
so obviously, however, to the desktop version of intra and explore
supports flash perfectly and then beltrame insert
an address yes tickets also made as the identical screen keyboard
especially those I don't know if 20
even here, of course, we are cooked. Interista I will accept flash except
so or this duality that actually is a bit strange al
and never seen justifies with the fact that the absence of a page should improve
browser compatibility and above all durability
of the battery
with we said operating system is optimized for her many taxis and therefore
many chalk are new to this environment
present we can re move the various
file tiles
torrent also redesigned control panel we have
not if you laugh at new functions and summer even when it's interface
meter
we can entirely change the art of the screen or directly in the
image of the user
streaming tv series
new features such as the ability to share content or one
directly the desktop screen on social networks like twitter
integrated in brands tweeter
feisbuk
for all other solutions people must be sent back to the panel of
traditional control
briquettes like a shake are known to be active so we have the
news change within the treatment of Ukrainian here we see the
weather
stock indices and rss feeds
the rest is also made of tiles here
ratchet the title and subtitle
if present instead it is an image in this is ramos tratar directly
in the tile
I still have both interesting and present management starting from the left of the
screen
it is possible to cycle between the various and open windows
in this world
it starts from the bottom but other functions go through, for example in the browser la
possibility to open the window or delete existing requests insert a
new Palermo address
or even add add
the site among the favorites
the right spy instead we have the party to return to the start menu and a
duplicate of the start button already present trade of notifications in this
case the signal strength voir les know is the battery time and date as
classic brico in the bottom right of windows 8
we can also find by doing a search within the system
disputed operational we see the list of all applications
there being no pyo. clothes the farewell button or been between us and dreams
coding window actually moved
this place
even if then how to see many savory applications come
the idea of ​​added preperation added a tile in the
homescreen
mission can also share one
- a screen of the third stabilizing
or
connect to an external device this other ecid on offer at civita
project a device connected via a tower onto a projector
port cd and never what we are viewing
and 7 months instead we have stars the basic functions to govern the tablet
then lap access to wi-fi networks
audio volume the brightness of the adjusted coiffeur screen
very easily
from the typical served I wanted to disable them
and paolo ie
amandalist slip dresses turn it off or restart it
by inserting an ursi key, plates directly explore resources
however in its desktop version
if we want something after this the main problem of windows 8
over the stars integration between the nitro environment optimized for
been very nice to use even if it was impractical for the environment
desktop and desktop environment of its own that still remain an importance
quite relevant in windows 8
this vespanda perhaps will not be very welcome to seriously dismiss who
we will have to wait to see the final version ever understand how the public
will react to this new operating system
at the moment they don't know what to wait
its release scheduled for 2012